Personal speech is already showing you
there is how to download and install the uniform
speed or underground 1
Then you must be wondering but I
both of need for speed that have you go
post a yes I like the 1 and I played
much to my childhood and still play
I find it very interesting to him
're bringing here the canal else
also that it is light it does not need to
a super board to run it right
right
the first thing we'll be doing
even needing to not have people here
It is in need of a torrent program the
daemon too and the right game link then
Let's start with the first part as the
torrent I'm not leaving here in the
description of the video because this is
I like maybe you prefer the
that the torrent you can choose some
from both
here on the site of the bass here or in others
sites and then the daemon tholl right ok
one welding tool as you Montosa
to prefer
and here the link of the game is neither do
daughter dwarf click on download
there download here it will come as if
explains it here and here it goes
only the files that will come from the game you
give an ok and start downloading beauty
After you 've already downloaded you go there.
at where
Where are you?
My case is here and will be here oo
cd1 cd2 and the cracker
First we'll go here and give you a
right click will ask
set up the mount then you click here
where it is written empty if not
the daemon tools option with the
right button if this option does not appear
Then you 'll have to look there in the
youtube how are you using dae?
mounted the pamo to mount the disk image
some beauty
the first thing that will seem to be the
People are already going to be running the setap right now.
the cd and here are simple people we just
will give a state will ask the number
serial number here is expensive
People, I do not know if it's the weather.
than copying into parts
We're creating here. I took more.
or less 15 minutes to download because
I have a relevant internet and good
It's not too bad, we'll give you the next one.
after we put it right that
the industrial with right next
here we give the next
and we expect to load
personal beauty here as you can
to realize you are asking for number two and
if it would be the cd number two then the
people do the same procedure as the
people did with the first one to
image here from cd 2 beauty appeared at
people give an ok that he will continue
installing there is very very simple
Only people you see the viola right
that the way I'm doing and not
It's going to be a problem, can you be sure?
problem, it's not my fault because I
I'm installing here for you. I
I downloaded installing here and so far
No problem, no beauty, will you?
this error message appears that this
here is normal just give a okay beauty
Now, guys, to finalize our
procedure we come here in ace
right click and go in
extract beauty here will appear
is this app here from the writer
speedy we'll be doing to
people are going
we'll copy it, I came here on the icon
of the nit strong pi said that will be in the
work area on open property
location of the file and we will be
pasting here we replace
replace not
and now people are just staying here
in the style of the strong speedy net that already goes
evening
There you can see
You saw that you're getting normal here.
This is it folks you have liked it
Curtintia to my facebook page
doing favors will help a lot and your
help here on youtube that gives a stride
make this video and that's ok, and you help out there.
I'm going to see more people talk
that's where I went